this
hello how's it going good you sure cut I
did get hurt too we should go here okay
shall we go
[Music]
are you cussing now playing the world
Warcraft okay in preparation in
preparation and are supplied by view has
exactly nothing I swear I got a gun more
like insider though playing Wow
than anything else yes I know all the
players just sit there and they bridge
the gap
you just bridge such a gap we're just
doing some yeah by the way okay so where
to next
you get dressed an L pale is the
cashiers wardrobe okay a giant walking
closet yeah it's like a giant walk-in
closet so look at all these suits and
stuff and this is like a coolest one
there's like this particular design and
all the jackets have like inside these
are all making a small well yeah in
comparison to everyone else
yeah exactly I like that back here well
there's the Canadian and American yeah
where's Mark I want to I want to ruin
the bags yeah wait okay here we go yeah
let's look let's look at this this is
just Mark's cubby mark and then there's
just a wrinkled shirt back there and a
sharpie so that's what Mark needs I
think for his day I don't know what's
going on I see you take great care huh
I only wear my motorcycle boots yeah
yeah then I have to wear heels so it's
like whatever pockets great you can
think of and they're all in here like
the willy wonka factory of are these
already selected then just pull them
every day so it looks like Kim isn't
here yet because this is what I were
yesterday who does she also select
there's yeah her name
okay so then this hasn't been up to this
is yesterday yeah so then what I'm gonna
do is I'm gonna kick you guys out for a
second
watch as they'll play well
[Music]
mmm-hmm right now that's what she look
like but she's gonna help me cash is
gonna help me so I don't look like trash
what if we had to go back and refill my
everything
yeah I come in here and reduce cast you
are everyone already knows who cast is
cast is less famous than you are that's
not that's not holy so cast loves me and
spoils me oh do you play video games
wall she doesn't rank oh yeah that's
like that's messed up cuz like you're
just she's just sitting there dude
you're beingof all you're playing video
games so oh okay I understand the
absolute hardest part about interviews
for me it's the freaking toss so a
clause is basically when I finish an
interview and you have to toss the
casters twice called the toss so it's
basically a back to the State Farm
analyst desk back to you guys back to
you - let's hear more about the game for
- in the desk
bla bla bla bla bla I suck at it I suck
at it and I think like a week or two ago
I had a day of life no full weekend of
no mess mess on my sauces
[Music]
you got the archaeology about to yeah
how did you know about it
Travis why are you videotaping me this
is the behind-the-scenes thing what just
close your eyes and don't worry about it
so I'm I'm the golden child in some ways
where I come in looking so ugly that
like when they're done fixing me up
they're like look at how good we are
I like proof of concept yeah she might
as well be she knows what's happening
before any of us
oh wait we're back to God
so we are actually acknowledging you
yeah she wants to go this should have
been like what you're missing right now
is a reunion between ALCS proclick Evy
Travis - these are all my cue cards that
I use to write down whatever questions
and topics they're the longest
interviews I've ever yeah so I'm just
gonna be like Travis
I know look this was my scene I spent
skating gold and glue or I basically
asked I'm like oh tell me about the
moment that youtuber sub did I was
hoping to get some sort of an answer
kind of it's gonna get loud I was hoping
to get an answer along the lines of like
oh well we were all outside and like
during our postgame huddle and repr
looked over at me and he said okay you
guys are in asking if they were nervous
meeting about Academy worlds fan vs. TSM
tl versus hundred thieves working
relationship between blabber and Jensen
see ya
so basically if you know what the
notebook is from here you're cool so
basically I'll just take notes on the
game or I'll take notes on the players
who I'm looking at potentially for
interviews so this is yesterday if I
grabbed if TSM wonned I would have
grabbed parse Pearson and Sven so I
ended up grabbing the Croatians easel
where I just jotted down all the notes
that I kind of wanted to ask them are
working to minimize their mistakes and
try to keep they're good for in games
means that they put in a lot of extra
hours too and gave it their all in
practice they're a little tired from
that that's cool there's a sour aphromoo
saying that like he's hoping the tiel's
gonna be overconfident so it sounds like
they're definitely not that they're
taking it seriously not looking at words
they're just focused on finals and
some liquids confident coming into this
match and we know that they match up
well against a hundred beers
[Music]
thanks guys I'm like on my phone I'm
looking at this and then you come Travis
[Music]
super confident against their matchup
against a hundred thieves today he said
that they usually have the bot lean
advantage and that's gonna be even more
so with Recaro subbing in for cody son
the team knows that they qualify for
worlds with the wind but they're more
focused on today's best-of-five than
really looking forward they put in a lot
of extra hours and a lot of extra hard
work in this week's crimson practices
and they just want today's results to
show that back to you I blame Travis
sorry
[Music]
Reptil coaches here thank you
bye guys have a good show you know I
usually just finish it in like one or
two takes because Travis is there took
me a little longer
Oh promise stop being mean to her she's
an angel I had a dream that we were
fencing fencing what does that mean no
no I know but like what does it mean I
don't know are you a dream doctor I
thought you would be something you'd be
interested in we're fencing it means
we're in conflict we're adults with each
other yeah that's because I didn't
follow you about writing a dragon and I
was friends yeah yeah we're fighting
each other but you're like there was no
dragon for you a dream uh Travis though
no I do it all the time you know that
every single game that I have not seen
you in the makeup room
before hand Team Liquid is lost really
oh thank you that's a fun fact for you
right there
[Music]
this is the capture green room we have a
lovely freak that's when that's RNG an
LMS you have it like Wild Rose named
into your brain you're gonna do the
oricon goes in Poppy's get now yours I
know less than ideal sideline report
I'll basically chase down a coach for
some times and then try to do some cases
I'll get like really good tidbits or in
some cases I'll get some stuff that
maybe don't share with me or they don't
want to share here we got like a pretty
great one liner from Raleigh but nothing
[Music]
oops we are at match point which means
I'm going to take all the questions and
topics that I have and go check with my
browser to see if we're all good
[Music]
any of our heart
[Laughter]
incredible Rondon I'm hoping to see more
intensity and
[Music]
all winners and me show your again you
see Steve upon standing Sam no
and interviewing the Victorians poverty
and jump not only are you guys moving on
to summer finals but you qualified for
world's double if what are you feeling
right now I'm like I'm like a little
shell-shocked I feel like yeah every
time to play playoffs it's like oh it's
another one it's another one but like I
still feels like my first time so I'm
really excited
[Music]
[Applause]
for every drawing that awfully guess
incorrectly contacts will get a bonus
point into our next game but for every
drawing that Kobe and I get correctly
there will be a penalty we can put you
in the negatives yeah
[Music]
so really quickly though what how did
all that happen because that never
happens I didn't know about any of this
until like kind of today yesterday where
they said they wanted to do something
anime theme
yeah contracts so they told me was gonna
be pictionary
and I was expecting like super basic
stuff like I thought that we're gonna do
pokemon digimon Dragon Ball and stuff
but I didn't expect a mobile suit or the
condom the first question I'm like what
sir you're getting blown up on Twitter
right now I've never been more
disappointed
oddly than her losing to a guy who
doesn't even watch anime okay show's
over so now I have to go ahead into the
story meeting where we talk about
today's show and then start planning for
next week's final matches and Travis
can't come in here because he has a big
mouth
and will share any super city here's our
other secrets they don't know how
matches are going to go
that's me thank you so much for letting
me hang out see the sticker fun you seem
to be in a rush but enough Scobie over
there he stole he's just packing up and
eating he says he's going to the meeting
but he's walking at that direction
understand
[Music]
hi everyone thanks so much for watching
my video this has been sponsored by only
flash pier charges to be $40,000 per
interview to do this so if you want to
place it on my patreon and donate or
subscribe or whatever and anything helps